We can characterize the customer segments according to the clusters' mean attributes in the table above : 

Cluster 1 : customers with very low spending score and very low frequency of visits
Cluster 2 : customers with average spending score and low frequency of visits
Cluster 3 : customers with high spending scores and high frequency of visits
Cluster 4 : customers with high spending scores but low frequency of visits

Business insights for the retail store to strategize according to customer segments :

Cluster 1: 
Customers with Very Low Spending Scores and Very Low Frequency of Visits
These customers have low loyalty to the store and probably low incomes/ affordability.

The best thing to do is to let them go, as spending resources to gain these customers would be a waste.
Feedback forms and surveys might help better analyse their lack in satisfaction.

Cluster 2:
Customers with a moderate spending per visit.
Their visits are relatively infrequent.
They are termed as Support.

Promotion Strategies: Offer promotions tailored to encourage more frequent visits. For example, a "visit twice this month and get 10% off your next purchase" campaign.
Product Recommendations: Suggest products based on their past purchases to increase visit frequency and spending.

Cluster 3: 
These customers are high spenders.
They visit the store frequently.
They are termed as Fans.

Loyalty Programs: These are the most valuable customers. Ensure they are part of a loyalty program that rewards their frequent and high spending.
Exclusive Offers: Provide them with exclusive offers, early access to sales, or VIP events to maintain their loyalty and encourage continued high spending.

Cluster 4:
These customers spend a lot per visit.
They visit the store infrequently.
They are termed as Roamers. 

Incentivize More Visits: Implement strategies to make them visit more frequently, such as personalized reminders, special offers, and events.
High-Value Marketing: Focus on high-value marketing campaigns that highlight premium products or services, which these customers are likely interested in.
Improve quality and functionality of ordering process and delivery.

